[CBRD-23500] Added the new BU_LOCK to the manual (#82)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/sql/transaction.rst

    | requesting SCH_M_LOCK but waiting T2's SCH_S_LOCK is released |                                                               |
    +---------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+

*   **Special Locks**

    **CUBRID 10.2** introduces a new type of locks, which are used in a few special cases of internal operations.

    *   **Bulk Update Lock, BU_LOCK**

>         This lock is designed for inserting large amounts of data into the database. As of **CUBRID 10.2**, this lock is exclusively used during the :ref:`loaddb` process while loading rows into a table. **BU_LOCK** is compatible with itself and **SCH_S_LOCK**; as a result this ensures that no other **SELECT/UPDATE/DDL** statements are allowed on the same table. However, multiple **loaddb** may load rows into a table. The **BU_LOCK** holder doesn't require row locks.

Reviewer: **SELECT/UPDATE/DDL** doesn't include **DELETE/INSERT** statements :). I think **SELECT/DML/DDL** would be more accurate.

>         This lock is designed for inserting large amounts of data into the database. As of **CUBRID 10.2**, this lock is exclusively used during the :ref:`loaddb` process, by acquiring a **BU_LOCK** on a table in which the loading is done. Since **BU_LOCK** is compatible with **SCH_S_LOCK** and **BU_LOCK** only, using this lock will ensure that no other **SELECT/UPDATE/DDL** statements are allowed on the table which is locked with a **BU_LOCK**, so that the data will not be tampered until the loading is finished. However, any other **loaddb** processes are allowed to bulk insert their data into the same table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        **BU_LOCK** is designed for inserting large amounts of data into the database. As of **CUBRID 10.2**, this lock is exclusively used by :ref:`loaddb` process while loading rows into a table. **BU_LOCK** is only compatible with itself 
 and **SCH_S_LOCK**, as a result it ensures that no other **SELECT/DML/DDL** statements are allowed on the same table. However, multiple **loaddb** processes may load rows into a table. The **BU_LOCK** holder doesn't require row locks.
```

    | requesting SCH_M_LOCK but waiting T2's SCH_S_LOCK is released |                                                               |
    +---------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+

*   **Special Locks**

    **CUBRID 10.2** introduces a new type of locks, which are used in a few special cases of internal operations.

    *   **Bulk Update Lock, BU_LOCK**

>         This lock is used whenever we want to insert multiple records at a time into the database, **in parallel**. Since multiple records are inserted at the same time, instance locking in this case would prove to be inefficient, so we use a strong lock on the class instead.

Reviewer 2: > This lock is used whenever we want to insert multiple records at a time into the database, **in parallel**.
This may mislead users. It is better to clearly mention that "loaddb" pf CS mode uses it.

Reviewer: The information required for BU_LOCK

- Designed for the purpose of bulk inserting large amount of data
- When transaction has BU_LOCK on class, it won't need instance locks
- BU_LOCK is compatible with itself and SCH_S_LOCK. It is not compatible with other locks
- BU_LOCK is currently used only by loaddb client-server sessions.

>         **BU_LOCK** will not block other workers **of the same transaction** using an identical lock on the class.

Reviewer 2: only the same transaction?
I don't think it is correct.
